okay so what we have here is the new 70
to 200 from Tamron I got it for the
nikon mount I'm gonna be shooting it
primarily on my d800 so with that kind
of resolving power you really need high
quality lenses so let's open it up and
see what we've got plenty of padding
we've got Tamron six year warrantee cool
little hologram on the top there's we're
looking for 72 200 s the 2.8 so it's
gonna give us that constant aperture all
the way throughout and for the Nikon so
we've got the right product here model
number serial number it's good to know
got all the manuals and stuff in there
no one ever reads them here we go now
we're getting down to the lens so it's
packaged pretty well it's got these um
little inserts on either side so kind of
free floats in the middle of the box so
should take a bunch of abuse because it
aside have our lens hood here separately
this is important here because it's the
flower petal lens hood you see how it's
kind of broken up that's really
important that you don't so you don't
get in vignette in on the edges of your
images if you have a constant lens hood
like that on the telephotos and certain
lens as you start to get a lot more
vignette in so with the rose-petal like
this you get all the protection from the
glare but you don't get that vignette in
that you would need to correct in
Photoshop or Lightroom later on so
that's important
all right now the actual lens
it feels really heavy you know you're
always you know you pick up a new lens
you spend all the money on it you want
it to feel substantial so it does feel
all-metal like it can actually take a
beating I believe these are weather
sealed to or weather resistant whatever
that means don't dump into the water but
it should it should be able to withstand
a little bit of rain it looks very
similar to the nikon lenses with the
all-black matte finish and then the gold
ring up there which is kind of cool it
does have the 77 millimeter filter which
is really important to the 77 millimeter
filter size on the front is kind of like
a standard when it comes to pros ooh my
one filter set at 77 millimeters for all
of your different lenses rather than
having to buy a new filter for every
lens you can just swap them around to
the lens that you're using all right
it's got our auto focus here on the side
it also has vibration control over here
compensation which is basically going to
move a bunch of elements inside your
camera lens to compensate for your
camera shake so it's really cool to see
that especially on the telephoto lenses
where sometimes we have to zoom in
pretty far and that camera shape becomes
really apparent if we have an older
model that doesn't have this feature
there so all in all feels really
substantial looks great has that
constant aperture all the way throughout
has the vibration compensation so it's
got everything I was looking for in a
pro zoom so I'm looking forward to
getting this on the camera and shooting
with it